Date: 20.02.2024\\ Time: 16:45\\ Location: Flux B Chair: Efe Ayna Minute
Taker: Apolozan Octavian

Agenda Items:\\ Opening by chair 1 min.\\ Announcement of Talking Points
1 min.\\

Talking Points:\\ 1.Review progress - 1 min -\>we discussed that we
should finish the personal Git assignment by Thursday so we have enough
time for the team assignment-1 min\\ 2.Introduction process - 4 min
-\>we did an introduction of ourselves-4 min\\ 3.Code of conduct - 36
min -\>we went through the code of conduct-36 min\\

Code of conduct short resume of the main points brought up:\\ -shared
team values - 4 min\\ \>be on time \>assume responsibility

-assignment descriptionc- 3 min\\ \>we need have a friendly work
environment

-target or ambition level - 2 min\\ \>a pass would be satisfactory, yet
a grade of 8 or higher would be preferable

-planning - 5 min\\ \>we should set deadlines a day before the actual
project deadline so we have time to fix potential issues

-behavior - 6 min\\ \>we ought to be respectful \>disagreements should
be talked first personally, then as a team and as a final solution we
would adress the TA \>about being tardy, if someone is only 5-10 minutes
late, it\'s alright as long as there\'s a good enough reason. Emergency
or unexpected situations are also to be forgiven, yet again everything
depends on the context \>escalations to external parties are to happen
only when we failed to reconcile as a team

-communication - 3 min\\ \>we will use WhatsApp, on which we will create
a group and will talk about official matters on. Personal ones are to be
talked in private

-commitment - 1 min\\ \>the commitment of the chair is measured if he
has prepared before a meeting, while a minute taker\'s commitment is
measured by how active he is

-decision-making - 4 min\\ \>we will try to go with vote by consensus,
albeit if it is taking too long and the process is too tedious, we will
resort to majority vote

-dealing with conflicts - 2 min\\ \>we will be democratic

-consequences - 2 min\\ \>we try to keep everyone on track, then if that
fails we will contact a TA

-outside collaboration - 4 min\\ \>we will do online meetings(if a task
is unusually complicated) or talk on WhatsApp (usually) \\

Conclude the meeting: 3 min\\ Estimated total time: 44 min
